# World Bank

**Author:**

-   Robin Billinger \<\<R.Billinger(at)campus.lmu.de\>\>

-   Maximilian Frei \<\<Maximilian.Frei(at)campus.lmu.de\>\>

-   Leonie Mertes \<\< TODO: INSERT E-MAIL \>\>

Responsible for content: Robin Billinger

## General Instruction

This is the repository for the World Bank Project. To ensure the performance of our programs, please read this instruction before running the codes.

We use R Version 4.4.1 (2024-06-14). Some of our packages are dependent on the latest version of R. If you are using other versions, you may encounter errors while installing them.

For a detailed list of loaded packages, please refer to "env_setup.R" under the root directory of our project, or to the "administrative_information.txt", where you further can find version information regarding used software and hardware while working on this project.

## Data Origin

The data originates from the publicly-accessible data base of the World Development Indicators (WDI) published by the World Bank Open Data Bank. The dataset is classified as public under the Access to Information Classification Policy. Users inside and outside the Bank can access this data set.

The World Bank Open Data is accessible via "*data.worldbank.org*", the WDI data base via "*databank.worldbank.org/source/world-development-indicators*".

## Usage

First of all, please source the "env_setup.R" file. This will install all the necessary packages and load necessary data sets for programs.

Then, for single analysis programs, simply knit the corresponding, topically divided .Rmd files under the "Analysis" directory or refer to the general visualization of all observed indicators by sourcing the "indicators.R" file in the "Scripts" directory. For single programs regarding data processing, simply source the corresponding .R file under the "Scripts" directory.

For generating the final report, open either the "presentation.qmd" file (for the original version) or the "presentation_updated.qmd" file (for the feedback-adjusted version) under the project's root directory.

## Directory Structure

### Root Directory

administrative_information.txt

customstyle.css

env_setup.R

Executive Summary - World Bank.pdf

presentation.qmd

presentation.html

presentation_updated.qmd

presentation_updated.html

### Analysis

This directory contains all the programs for topic-specific analysis. File names reflect their functionality with respect to the analysis of the indicators categorized among that topic.

### Data

#### Raw

This directory contains the original data sets from the World Bank project.

#### Processed

This directory contains the data sets generated by the data cleansing step.

Mostly used in analysis programs is "data_merged.RDS". It is the processed version of the original data sets.

### Scripts

This directory contains all the programs for data cleansing as well as the first overview over all the indicators provided by the data set. File names reflect their functionality.

The "functions.R" is worth noting. It contains all the self-written functions used in the programs.

### Results

This directory contains the results (figures and tables) of our analysis. They are all saved in .PNG format. The results are topically sorted into the following sub-directories: "Agriculture", "Education", "HIV", and "Tobacco".
